# Day 1

## Rookie Village, before the Hunt for the Boar
We talked to Wolf today. He keeps Rookie Village protected. Seems to a good guy.
They mentioned sth about Factions. *Of course there is a gang war in the zone...* 

Upon my Question what Factions are active within the zone he started to count them on his fingers:
He mentioned `Duty`, `Freedom`, `the Military`, `the Ecologists`, some `Fanatics`, but another Group that starts with `K? C?` seems like he didnt wanted to talk about them further... He is well equipped. *Curious...*


Further, he talked to some other guy who wanted to go north, `to a place called Rostock` apparently. Cant remember much about him but it seems like he is another guy that seems to be ready for whatever is ahead of him.
He wanted to sneak by `the Checkpoint` at nighttime? Wolf mentioned you can bribe those instead. Hm.. sounds like a Military Checkpoint from what they told. `The Military` seems to be rather ruthless. I made my own fair share of encounters with them the last few days. Its a miracle they didnt notice my equipment yet. I should stay far away from these folk in future, dont wanna risk my luck...

## The Hunt

Once we went out to find and hunt this pack of boars they sent us to hunt, we have been accompanied by a Stalker called Sasha, which seems more expierenced and equipped suitable for the task. It appears that Wolf send that stalker with us to watch over us, to see how we muster ourselfs... 

The spot where those boars have been seen last isnt far from the Rookie Village, but still, we took the opportunity to chat with Sasha. We asked about these boars and why they send us to kill some local fauna. Said that these are not normal boars, the zone left their mark on them. We've been a bit sceptical, but we have been proven wrong very soon. 

Once we arrive in the area, we can see some wierd phenomena in the forest, sparkling Electricity in the in the air it is kind of like a sphere somewhat floating above the ground. We ask Sasha what that is and the Stalker explained "This is an Anomaly, believe me, you dont wanna go near it".  My curiosity has been struck and soon enough, I carefully pull my MF camera out of my backpack and carefully take a photograph of that *Anomaly*, when i was about to put it back in my backpack, Sasha raised his head, gesturing us to stay quiet and pointed towards the road ahead of us. Just for moment we could see some sort of animal disappear behind a bush.

Quietly we we hush into cover. I move towards a nearby tree and peak around it to see if i can catcha glimpse of what we just encountered without scaring it away. After a few moments of scilence, that animal came back into the open and started to forage through the leaves on the floor in search for food. 

On first sight from a distance, it didnt seem much different from a wild boar, but with closer look, while its moving around and jumping on a rock, more and more scars and deformities are notable - its actually far from a boar, but more like a mutated farm pig. With the camera still in my hand, I take another photograph of this `walking hunk of flesh` while the others seem to prepare their upcoming encounter with that beast.

After I put my equipment back in the bag and reach for my rifle, I setup myself where I stand and point my rifle towards *that thing*. I look to my left and right, observe the others of the group, who are hiding behind trees and bushes, observing the animal. I cannot say that there was much of plan that has been prepared, nor could I observe any initiative by the others, equipped mostly with pistols and sawn-off shotguns - they all have been a hesitant and just looking at the monster from a far, unsure what to expect from it. While leaning against the tree, I pressed the buttstock of this old hunting rifle into my shoulder and look down the irons towars the pig... 

Its been a while since I have been hunting with my grandfather back home, but the memories of those times came back swiftly and combined with my expierence as a photographer - to take aim and hold it steady, even under stressful circumstanced surely contributed.

What to aim for? Point the rifle towards its shoulder and try to pierce its thick, scared leathery skin to take a shot at the heart? No, that skin looks way to tough and even if I can penetrate its leather, will it hit the heart, if that foul beast still has one and take it down? - Head it is. I empty my lungs and hold my breath, I pull the trigger. 

A loud bang echoes through the forest, other animals in the distance can be heard. I lower the rifle and look at my target. Where one of his eyes used to be, now,  there is a gushing bulletwound. Its tumbling, its squeling in pain. Its weak, but still alive and very Angry. With supprise about the resiliency of this monster, I prepare to reload the rifle, but from the side of my view, I notice Alexej, with his Machete in his Hand, run towards that boar.

Another loud bang. The flesh falls to the ground, one last shivering but then, scilence for brief moment. The Sargent stands to my left with his pistol in his hand still aiming at the beast.

From here, everything happend really fast. More flesh and boars show up. Even some Dogs - attracted by the gunfire. People start shooting and moving closer. Then, suddenly from our front right, we hear the sound of a loud and violent, electrical discharge! To our luck, it seems like one of those blind dog, distracted by the smell of blood, ran straight into said anomaly. One problem less, i think, while pulling out my pistol and moving out of cover, towards the animals that are coming towards us. But just a mere moment later, it seems like our luck has been depleted.

"What... is this?!?" The earth started to shake and in the distance, a huge, gigantic, wild boar appears. His hide is covered with many scares and even some bulletwounds, but all of them are old and healed. Its stampeding down the pathway towards us. Filled with a mix of fear and supprise, I move to the side, out of its way, towards some bushes behind a rock, near some trees. I feels some heat nearby, which i didnt pay much attention towards as i was busy saving my self becoming boarfeed. I was lucky enough to react in time to avoid certain pain, but not for Alexej! The mega boar charged at him whacked him with his huge head. Alexej flew through the air and hit the ground where he was standing. As the huge beast was about to continue its mauling of Alexej, another even louder bang! Zarkk who was on the other side of the boar, near to Alexej, stand there, with his sawn-off shotgun in his hands, both barrels still smoking. 

With an angry, deeply growling squeal, the beast turned towards Zarkk, but it seems that he anticipated that! Before the spawn of hell was able to charge at him, Zarkk already started sprinting, away from the beast and towards the behind of the sparkling anomaly, which took down the blind dog earlier! What a genious! He wants to taunt the beast into a trap! Smart thinking, but to no avail.

While all that took place, I pulled my pistol as there was a further, be it smaller, boar, that took interest in Alexej who was defenseless on the floor, trying to crawl away from the situation. I took a shot. The boar goes down, as it was already weakend from the firefight before. But to my supprise, the gigantic beast, instead of charging at zarkk, now turned its ugly face towards me and locks its bloodthristy stare on me. The Sargent from somewhere behind me yells "Get the fuck out of there"! The only thought that I could hold in my mind at that point: "...ah fuck" 

I turn around and stumble away, seeking distance from the beast, another loud noise behind me - like a flame thrower and a loud painful squeal. I care not to turn and see, but instead take my legs in my hands and keep running it towards a big tree. While running, I have the slight smell of Bacon in my nose, but due to the circumstances, i didnt further follow up on said thought, instead I hide behind the tree and look for the beast. In the background I can hear the sargent yell "Zarkk, help Victor! I take care of Alexej!".

Scorched by fire, hairs still buring, the beast is even more enraged at me and stampedes directly at me, but it seems to be somewhat weakend now. I take my chances and drop my pistol and reach for my combat knife. The moment it reaches me, i keep the tree between us while trying to take a slash at it. I was able to hit it, but its skin, charred and thick, seemed unimpressed by my attempt. "Fuck that!" and i ran towards the rest of the group, who, by now, seemed to have dealt with the rest of the rot and finally point their attention towards my struggle with the boarus giganticus. The private called Alexander vaults towards the boar with his knife, it seems he had a better swing at it and managed to actually pierce the skin of the boar. A lot of blood is gushing from the wound caused by the Privates Knife - an Artery must have been cut by that! It stumbles, growles and squaks, its getting weaker and weaker it falls. The beast is finally dead. 

## Aftermath

I hold my breath, look around, carefully listening to the environment, but the only sound we hear is the wind, who is rustling of the leaves of the trees... It seems like the fight is over. It takes a minute or two for everyone else to realise the same... slowly, one by one, the rest of the party eases up, getting out of their combat stance. "Lets cut them up and see what we can sell!" I hear Zarkks voice yell to the party. 

Quickly, before all the beasts are butchered up, i take my small camera and document some of those beasts. I approach the carcass of the Big Boar, which now lies in a puddle of his own blood with burned skin and a huge gunshot wound on its side. Next to it is Zarkk with his Knife in his hand, woundering how to even start cutting up a beast like that. He notices me and says "Hey, can you take a picture of it with me?". I agree and with a smile on his face, he pulls out his shotgun and props up a pose, with one foot on the beast. After i took the photo, he promises me some vodka, even raki as a thanks in return with a smile on his face.

Furthermore, I managed to take a picture of the Blind Dog, brought down by the  Sparkling anomaly. Its skin is covered in burnmarks caused by the heat of the electricity going through the deady body of the dog. With every pulse of the anomaly, the legs of dogs are slightly twitching. Slight smoke coming from its eyes and ears... "What a cuel way to go out" I think " but its better of dead then alive, thats for sure..".

I take another photo from the flesh that I shot. Two gunshot wounds. One in the face, where its eye used to be, the other on its side. Not many thoughts came to my mind here, as I was simply stunned by the creatures existance and appreance as a whole.

For the final photo, I step back and use my Medium Format Camera. I choose to frame the overall scene, the sun is low, the day is nearing its end. A cold breese is felt inbetween the trees. Sun rays can be seen breaching the cealing of leaves, siluetting the party at their work against the dark background of the forest. People are busy, cutting away at the beasts to harvest their hoofs, eyes, pelts and whatnot. Hot, white steam raises from where their skin has been pierced and their flesh is touching the air. Their remaining heat escaping their bodies. I take the photo and put away the camera, for a moment i hold and breath, observe the stage in front of me as everyone is cutting away quietly. 

Sasha, the Stalker that was tasked to watch over us walks up to me and joins me in watching the scene. "You know, I am quite impressed with what you did here, you know.. Knife Fighting a Boar... Not sure if thats stupidity or curage but it seems like Wolf was right to believe in you lot."

I muster the stalker next to me, constantly wearing the gasmask. With slight scepticism, I nod and walk away, reaching for my knife to join the groups effort...

### Notes
Quest Rewards:
+0.5 XP
Cheap and Basic anomaly detector

+100 Rubel for Mutant Parts
+100 Rubel for Killing the big boar with a knife
Total: 200 Rubel

# Day 2

## The Evening before

Once our party returned to Rookie Village, we turned to the trader to sell our haul. Each of us recieved their share of 100 Ruble from the return. Wolf came to us, as we've been at the trader. He says "Seems like you did well on your first little adventure. Sasha told me about the huge boar and the fact that it died to a final stroke with a knife! Not bad! As promised, you can ether have 1000 Rubles split between you guys, or, everyone of you gets one of those simple Anomaly Detectors. Might not be state of the art, but they surely will warn you when you're about to step into something bad!". Without much hesitation, the group quickly decided for the obvious. 1.000 Rubles might seem like a lot, but between us, its maybe a bottle of wodka each, the detectors on the other hand, will us actually give us a chance of survival. Wolf nods and points towards the trader and gestures tow him, who in turn reaches for a shabby cartboard box beneath the counter and hands out a detector to everyone. You can see that those are hand-made, soldered together her in the zone, but it seems that they are doing their job so you dont see a reason to complain. I take my detector and store it in a pouch of my belt, so that i can always hear when it starts detecting something dangerous.

After we finish our dealing with the trader, wolf invited us to join at the campfire. Once we sat down wolf looked at us and said "Okey guys, you did well for your first fight. I want to offer you another opportunity, but be warned, this will be a difficult fight with death watching over your shoulder. You dont have to, no one is forcing you, but we would apprechiate the support." Wolf takes a short break, looks at us, and as no one interjects he continues "There is a Yard not to far away from here, some bandits made it their camp and since their arrival, they've been quite a pain in the ass for us here at the Village. They keep assaulting our patrols and kill some of the newcomers that wander around here. And dont you worry, if you're in, we will attack as 3 groups.

"So, are you in?" Wolf asks. A few moments of silence, then Kodiak speaks up: "So those Bandits, if we cause truble with them, they're just scum of the zone, no one will care about us taking a couple of them out, right?" Wolf smurks. "Hah, if you say scum, you talk about the Renegades! They are even worse then the Brotherhood. But to be honest, the Brotherhood arent much better. But they kinda stick together. Word might go around. But they caused us a alot of trouble here in Rookie Village, thats why we kick them back to garbage!"
A few moments pass and Kodiak looks into the group. No one seems to show any signs of reservation, then Kodiak speaks up again: "Sure, I dont see any reason why this would be a disadvantage for us! Dangerous? Sure, but I'll bet there will be more dangerous things ahead of us and it wouldnt hurt to gain some expierence, get familiar with the bad actors in this place here!". 

Wolf nods with a subtle  smile. "Happy to hear! We'll be attacking tomorrow in the afternoon, at that time, they are usually all together in the yard, but more on that later! I have to do some business. We see us tomorrow!" Wolf stands up and leaves the campfire, heading towards on of the basements of the village. A few minutes pass, then Zarkk reaches for this backpack and pulls out a bottle of wodka and with a smile offers it to me, as i sit next to him. With a wide smirk, pull out my metal cup from my backpack and pore me a shot while Zarkk pulls out his cup and i proceed to pore into his cup and offer the bottle to the sargent next to me. ... The bottle makes its round and we finally ease up and start to chatter, telling each other about our experience from the recent Hunt and some time passes...

"Kodiak, that was decent shot!" The Sargent said towards me. I nod with a smile "Thank you!" as I notice some voices from the entrance of the village and look up from the campfire towards the entrance. I can hear the guards greeting a new arrival - by the reaction of the guards, he seems to be no stranger to the people here. When he walked by the campfire, I could muster his appreance. Long trenchcoat, some armored vest beneath. He wears an eyepatch, covering one of his. Did he loose it? A recent wound? The patch shows signs of age. Maybe even as old as him. His skin, his beard speak for his age, but he seems well equipped, far beyond our lousy equipment. The arrivial of such an unusual figure at the camp attractes my attention and after noticing that he is walking towards the basement where Wolf disappeared earlier, my mind was set. With a quite voice I say to Zarkk and Sarge "Excuse me for a moment, I'll be back in a minute" and stand up and with cautious steps I walk over to the basement. Hiding near the entrance, I lean towards the voices I can hear. I try to catch on the conversaion that takes place inside the basement as I can hear an argument between Wolf and, presumably, the Old Man. I can only make our the strangers words, as he speaks with little regard for prying ears while Wolfs tries to remain subtle.

"They are just stories." ... "Be careful, what paradise you wish for, what hope you give to other stalkers."... "...in the search they just make it real". Another snippet evolves around sth about "the men in white". Focused on the conversation, I notice someone coming from the direction I came from I turn around to see who is coming. 

"Hey, what are you doing?" Private Alexander calls to me with a slight mumble in his voice. It seems that he had a little too much vodka already. His steps arent the straightest anymore as he steps towards me. Quickly, I raise my finger to my lips to sign him to be quite "Shssh". In that moment he his leg trips over the surfaced roof of nearby tree and falls face first towards the floor. An audible thud can be heared on impact and I quickly step over to him 